README.md, before:

# Omniverse Examples

This repo is a collection of Omniverse / Isaac Sim and ROS2 examples.

## Spot Demo

This demo let's you use a Boston Dynamics Spot quadruped in a random generated environment or a warehouse. 

Tested on ROS 2 humble and Ubuntu 22.04.

#### Features

1. ROS 2 Joystick / Gamepad control
1. ROS 2 Nav2, Slam Toolbox

#### Installation

1. Run the `install.sh` script
1. Activate the python env: `source venv/bin/activate`
1. `python spot.py` 
1. In a different terminal build the `sim.ws` worspace and run the launchers.


## Go2 Demo

This demo let's you use a Go2 quadruped in a number of environment: random generated environment, warehouse or office. 

Tested on ROS 2 humble and Ubuntu 22.04.


#### Installation

1. Run the `install.sh` script
1. Activate the python env: `source venv/bin/activate`
1. `python go2.py --env ` 
1. In a different terminal build the `sim.ws` worspace and run the launchers.


## Rocks Demo

This demo let's you use generate rocks. 

#### Installation

1. Run the `install.sh` script
1. Activate the python env: `source venv/bin/activate`
1. `python rocks_standalone.py`

Commit message:

feat: implemented spot / go2 in same codebase

README.md, after:

# Omniverse Examples

This repo is a collection of Omniverse / Isaac Sim and ROS2 examples.

## Spot Demo

This demo let's you use a Boston Dynamics Spot quadruped in a random generated environment or a warehouse. 

Tested on ROS 2 humble and Ubuntu 22.04.

#### Features

1. ROS 2 Joystick / Gamepad control
1. ROS 2 Nav2, Slam Toolbox

#### Installation

1. Run the `install.sh` script
1. Activate the python env: `source venv/bin/activate`
1. `python spot.py` 
1. In a different terminal build the `sim.ws` worspace and run the launchers.


## Go2/Spot Demo

This demo let's you use a Unitree Go2 or Boston Dynamics Spot quadruped in a number of environment: random generated environment, warehouse or office. 

Tested on ROS 2 humble and Ubuntu 22.04.

#### Installation

1. Run the `install.sh` script
1. Activate the python env: `conda activate omniverse-5.1`
1. `./humble.sh python go2.py --env default --quadruped spot` 
1. In a different terminal build the `sim.ws` worspace and run the launchers.


## Rocks Demo

This demo let's you use generate rocks. 

#### Installation

1. Run the `install.sh` script
1. Activate the python env: `source venv/bin/activate`
1. `python rocks_standalone.py`
